h1. jQuery SymfonyCollection

h2. Introduction

We’ve had the need for a clean jQuery Plugin to "handle the collection form type":http://symfony.com/doc/current/reference/forms/types/collection.html#adding-and-removing-items of "Symfony":http://symfony.com/.

The "suggested implementation in the cookbook":http://symfony.com/doc/current/cookbook/form/form_collections.html has matured, but it needs to be reimplemented for every new collection. Nested collections using a "protype-name":http://symfony.com/doc/current/reference/forms/types/collection.html#prototype-name face the same problem.

There are a "smaller":https://github.com/theodorDiaconu/jquery-symfony2-collection "implementations":https://github.com/carlalexander/symfony-collection.js out on github, but they lack features, that can’t be easily added. This is about the fourth rewrite of a collection handling script using jQuery.


h3. Features

* Use events fired when items get added or removed
* Handle collections in @<ul>@, @<table>@ and @<tbody>@
* Add your own implementations for collection handling


h3. Installation

For now, you have to put the script file into your resources and make sure it gets included after jQuery.


h2. Usage

* $().SymfonyCollection(options)
** options
** $.fn.SymfonyCollection.defaults
* $().SymfonyCollection('add', beforeElem/index)
* $().SymfonyCollection('remove', elem/index/btn)

h3. Events

* onitemadd
* onitemremove

* Event.item
* Event.index
* this
* Event.preventDefault()

h3. Advanced

* $.fn.SymfonyCollection.handlers
** match(elem)
** initCollection()
** initRow()
** add()
** remove()
